link to finished codepen https://github.com/jmaccari13/Git-for-Web-Development-Project/compare/main...jmaccari13:Judy-Maccari?expand=1
 code pen link 
 https://codepen.io/dyanna13/pen/MWbzreE




    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is a correct use of HTML to reinforece the meaning of content on a web page, rather than merely define it's appearance.
    2. What is HTML used for? is used to structure a web page and it's content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are used to amplify a tag. Attribute is placed next to selector.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used as a main title of the page and should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes = anchor tags and image tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Metadata
    7. What is an id? is a unique identifier attribute
    8. What elements can I add an id to? div, h1 to h6, p, 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? to target certain subsets of elements using class selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? can be added to all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? more than once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? by adding a target="_blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? it specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be viewed. 
    15. How do I reference an id? with a # character
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. A section means that the content inside is grouped. div tags define a division in an HTML.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS defines styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variarions in display for different devicesand screen sizes.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. by putting . right before the character.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. a class can be used to identify more than one one element and an id can be use to idenitfy only one element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? by using . class=""
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class= "human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? is a is a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div { border-style: dotted; border-size: 1px; border-color: black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? a few times per hour whenever you are working on a document.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? A block element always starts with a new line while inline element  does not start on a new line.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

